[r2] 2022-07-06 changelog (#5066)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/r2/platform/changelog.md

# Changelog

## 2022-07-06

> - Support the `r2_list_honor_include` compat flag coming up in an upcoming runtime release (default behavior as of 2022-07-14 compat date). Without that compat flag/date, list will continue to function implicitly as `include: ['httpMetadata', 'customMetadata']` regardless of what you specify.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support the `r2_list_honor_include` compatibility flag coming up in an upcoming runtime release (default behavior as of 2022-07-14 compat date). Without that compatibility flag/date, list will continue to function implicitly as `include: ['httpMetadata', 'customMetadata']` regardless of what you specify.
```

> - `cf-create-bucket-if-missing` can be set on a `PutObject`/`CreateMultipartUpload` request to implicitly create the bucket if it doesn't exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `cf-create-bucket-if-missing` can be set on a `PutObject`/`CreateMultipartUpload` request to implicitly create the bucket if it does not exist.
```
